Add DeepSpeed support (#82)
huggingface/accelerate: README.md

mpirun -np 2 python examples/nlp_example.py
```

## Launching training using DeepSpeed

> 🤗 Accelerate supports training on single/multiple GPUs using DeepSpeed. For using deepspeed, you don't need to change anything. You can set everything using just `accelerate config`. However, if you desire to tweak your deepspeed related args from your python script, we provide you the `DeepSpeedPlugin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🤗 Accelerate supports training on single/multiple GPUs using DeepSpeed. to use it, you don't need to change anything in your training code; you can set everything using just `accelerate config`. However, if you desire to tweak your DeepSpeed related args from your python script, we provide you the `DeepSpeedPlugin`.
```

```python
from accelerator import Accelerator, DeepSpeedPlugin

# deepspeed needs to know your gradient accumulation steps before hand, so don't forget to pass it

> # Remember you need to do gradient accumulation by yourself, just like you would have done without deepspeed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Remember you still need to do gradient accumulation by yourself, just like you would have done without deepspeed
```

deepspeed_plugin = DeepSpeedPlugin(zero_stage=2, gradient_accumulation_steps=2)
accelerator = Accelerator(fp16=True, deepspeed_plugin=deepspeed_plugin)

# How to save your 🤗 Transformer?
accelerator.wait_for_everyone()
unwrapped_model = accelerator.unwrap_model(model)
unwrapped_model.save_pretrained(save_dir, save_function=accelerator.save, state_dict=accelerator.get_state_dict(model))
```

> Note: DeepSpeed support is experimental for now. In case you get into some issue, please raise an issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: DeepSpeed support is experimental for now. In case you get into some problem, please open an issue.
```
